02-Session-Handler.md, before:

**This requires a configured store for phpSec.**

The phpSec session handler is an advanced session handler that changes the way session data is handled by the web server. The phpSec session handler has a number of advantages over the regular PHP session handler.

### Hard to guess session ID ###
The same session ID is only used once. This makes session hijacking harder. The session ID is a 128 byte string, that makes it just about impossible to guess a session ID.

### Safe storage ###
All session data is encrypted using a user specific encryption key that is stored in a cookie on the users computer. This key is changed each 30 seconds. The data is saved in the phpSec store, allowing for storage in databases or flat files.

### Easy to use ###
To enable the phpSec session handler all you have to do is to configure the phpSec store (described in chapter 1) and add the following line where you usually would put `session_start();`

    \phpSec\Common\Session::init(true);

The argument passed to Session::init() tells phpSec to regenerate the session ID. This feature can cause problems on Ajax requests, and could be set to false if you want.
Please note that you should *not* call `session_start()`, since this will cause problems.

Commit message:

Updates documentation on session handler.

02-Session-Handler.md, after:

**This requires a configured store for phpSec.**

The phpSec session handler is an advanced session handler that changes the way session data is handled by the web server. The phpSec session handler has a number of advantages over the regular PHP session handler.

### Hard to guess session ID ###
The same session ID is only used once. This makes session hijacking harder. The session ID is a 128 byte string, that makes it just about impossible to guess a session ID.

### Safe storage ###
All session data is encrypted using a user specific encryption key that is stored in a cookie on the users computer. This key is changed each 30 seconds. The data is saved in the phpSec store, allowing for storage in databases or flat files.

### Easy to use ###
To enable the phpSec session handler all you have to do is to configure the phpSec store (described in chapter 1) and add the following line where you usually would put `session_start();`

    \phpSec\Common\Session::init(true);

The argument passed to Session::init() tells phpSec to regenerate the session ID or not.
Please note that you should *not* call `session_start()`, since this will cause problems.

### A note on Ajax requests ###
Sometimes if multiple requests are made at the same time, you can experience that the session is reset. This is due to the generation of new session id's.
If you experience problems you can try to initialize the session handler with session id regeneration set to false.

    \phpSec\Common\Session::init(false);

This is not recommended for all page requests but could be used on for example Ajax requests.
